README: explain how to use with library code (#85)
ilearnio/module-alias: README.md

import module from 'my_private_module'
```

> **WARNING:** Although this module was designed for end-user projects (websites, etc.), it _can_ be used with library code, but this requires some care and a bit of work. Please see [Using in a library](#using-in-a-library).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING:** If you are going to use this package within another NPM package, please read [Using within another NPM package](#using-within-another-npm-package) first to be aware of potential caveats.
```

More details on the [official documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration#modulenamemapper-objectstring-string).

> ## Using in a library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using within another NPM package
```

> You can use `module-alias` within a library, however there are a few things to take into consideration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `module-alias` within another NPM package, however there are a few things to take into consideration.
```

1. As the aliases are global, you should make sure your aliases are unique, to avoid conflicts with end-user code, or with other libraries using module-alias. For example, you could prefix your aliases with '@my-lib/', and then use require('@my-lib/deep').

> 2. The vanilla "register" mechanism does not work, you cannot simply use `require('module-alias/register')`, as it tries to find package.json in either the current working directory of your node process, or two levels down from node_modules/module-alias. It is extremely likely that this is end-user code. So, instead, your should either register aliases manually with moduleAlias.addAlias, or using something like `require('module-alias')(__dirname)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The internal "register" mechanism may not work, you should not rely on `require('module-alias/register')` for automatic detection of `package.json` location (where you defined your aliases), as it tries to find package.json in either the current working directory of your node process, or two levels down from node_modules/module-alias. It is extremely likely that this is end-user code. So, instead, your should either register aliases manually with `moduleAlias.addAlias`, or using something like `require('module-alias')(__dirname)`.
```

Author: Much clearer 🤜🤛
